all right today on Jake on food will be
making some authentic Czech style pork
goulash so here I have about a pound
apart cubed up of one small onion diced
some lard paprika caraway all-purpose
flour and the only other ingredient
we're gonna need is some water
all right so I'm going to start off with
about a quarter cup of lard there we go
next I'm gonna add our onions just like
so all right there I need to start your
fry we keep cooking those and slowly
start to brown up a little bit all right
you can see our onions are starting to
brown up next I'm going to add the pork
then add 1/2 TSP of dairy team
then I had to put a teaspoon of paprika
we're gonna Brown this meat very well
all right I think see here we get the
meat all nicely browned I guess it's
kind of hard to see how the steam coming
off of you to the find in the bottom of
the pan now we're going to add 1/2 cup
of water to this we're gonna cover it
and let it simmer for an hour all right
there you have it after an hour or
similar meat I'm going to add tablespoon
of flour and mix that into the drippings
add a cup and a half of water stir that
in and we're gonna cook it until it
starts to thicken alright so here we
have our goulash after 10 20 minutes
Simran see it's thickened up nicely a
nice brown gravy go great over some
mashed potatoes there's some egg noodles
mmm so yummy make sure you are follow my
blog at jaqen food calm and come on back
to Facebook to my channel Jason and my
chef